docs: restructure website docs and navigation (#1215)
IBM/ado: docs/index.md

[![DOI](https://joss.theoj.org/papers/10.21105/joss.10304/status.svg)](https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.10304)

**`ado`** is a Python platform for **designing computational experiment
campaigns and executing them at scale**. It enables distributed teams of
researchers and engineers to collaborate, execute experiments, and share data.

You can extend `ado` across different domains through its **plugin model** —
often as simple as decorating a Python function. By integrating your
methodology, you gain cross-cutting capabilities — such as **parallel
execution**, **data provenance**, and a **unified CLI** — alongside a structured
foundation that allows AI coding agents to **autonomously formulate and run your
experiments**.

## At its _core_

ado is built around three key concepts that power these features (explore them
all in the [concepts](concepts/core-concepts.md) section):

| Concept             | Role                                                                                                                 |
| ------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **Discovery Space** | Defines _what_ to measure (Entity Space), _how_ to measure it (Experiments), and _where_ to store results.           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Discovery Space** | Defines _what_ to measure, _how_ to measure it (via Experiments, which are pluggable python functions), and _where_ to store results.           |
```

> | **Operation**       | Defines _which_ operator to use (e.g. Ray Tune) and _how_ to parameterise it to explore or analyse the entity space. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Operation**       | You explore or analyse a Discovery Space using operations. You can select from different operators to do different types of operation.  Operators are also pluggable python functions. 
```

> | **Sample Store**    | Stores measurements and allows transparently reusing prior results across Discovery Spaces and team members.         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Sample Store**    | Stores the results of measurements, and enables operations to transparently reuse existing results (memoization).         |
```
